Document fsGroup setting in securityContext (#4814)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/security-context.asciidoc

:parent_page_id: elasticsearch-specification
:page_id: security-context
ifdef::env-github[]
****
link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-{parent_page_id}.html#k8s-{page_id}[View this document on the Elastic website]
****
endif::[]
[id="{p}-{page_id}"]
= Security Context

In Kubernetes, a https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/[`securityContext`] defines privilege and access control settings for a Pod or Container. You can set up it through the `podTemplate` section of an Elastic resource specification.

== Run as non-root Elasticsearch

By default, the Elastisearch container is run as root and it is its entrypoint that is responsible to run the Elasticsearch process with the `elasticsearch` user (defined with ID 1000). In the background, ECK makes sure for you via an `initContainer` that the data volume is writeable for the `elasticsearch` user.

> If you choose to run the Elastisearch container as a non-root user, then you need to configure the Elasticsearch manifest with an appropriate security context to make the data volume writeable to the `elasticsearch` user by specifying the right group ID through the `fsGroup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Elastisearch container as a non-root user, you need to configure the Elasticsearch manifest with an appropriate security context to make the data volume writable to the `elasticsearch` user by specifying the right group ID through the `fsGroup`.
```

Kubernetes recursively changes ownership and permissions for the contents of each volume to match the `fsGroup` specified in a Pod's securityContext when that volume is mounted and makes all processes of the containers part of the supplementary group ID.

> For example, if you force the Pod to run as user `1234`, you need to define the `fsGroup` accordingly to `1234`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you force the Pod to run as user `1234`, you need to set `fsGroup` accordingly to `1234`:
```

If you choose to run the Elastisearch container as a non-root user, then you need to configure the Elasticsearch manifest with an appropriate security context to make the data volume writeable to the `elasticsearch` user by specifying the right group ID through the `fsGroup`.

Kubernetes recursively changes ownership and permissions for the contents of each volume to match the `fsGroup` specified in a Pod's securityContext when that volume is mounted and makes all processes of the containers part of the supplementary group ID.

For example, if you force the Pod to run as user `1234`, you need to define the `fsGroup` accordingly to `1234`:

[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros"]
----
apiVersion: elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/v1
kind: Elasticsearch
metadata:
  name: quickstart
spec:
  version: {version}
spec:
  nodeSets:
  - name: default
    count: 3
    podTemplate:
      spec:
        securityContext:
          runAsUser: 1234 <1>
          fsGroup: 1234 <2>
----

> 

Reviewer 2: I think you are not supposed to have a newline here
